Hello friends, I Ankur Upadhyay
welcome you all once again
to my new video.  There is good
action going on in the market, brother.  There is a boom going on all around.  There
is big action in some stocks.
I would like to tell you that the mid cap index is
in the leadership position today with a gain of 1%.
Sensex and Nifty are also doing well.
Are up 06.6%.  Bank Nifty is also up by about 1/2% and
small cap is up by 34%.  Market
breath also looks quite strong.  The mid-
cap index is doing better today.
Meaning, there is a lot of action going on at the next level in real estate today.  The
index has jumped 3.5%
in a single day.  All the
stocks above are in a bullish trend.  Anantraj 2.5%
Brigade Enterprises 2.25% DLF 2.5%
Godder's Property 3.5% Lodha 3.5% means there are
many shares which are rising by 3 to 4% and
Prestige States one of my favourite 5%,
this is the maximum rise seen in today's
session.  Now I will talk to all of you friends
about those stocks which are
seen in action today on the basis of news.   The
first is the persistent system.  Today this stock
is in action because its results came yesterday
and today the time for this stock is 12:04.
Highest turnover has occurred.
Talking about the stock, it is up 6%.  The numbers were good.
That's why this stock is also up 6% for you.
You are watching it.  In the guidance, the company said that the
company aims for a double digit growth of 17%
revenue category through AI strategy and
growing client base. Sustaining 16% EBIT
margin and 45%
P&T increase to enhance long term value. The
company announces $46.2 million revenue in
Q2 FY26 with 17.6%
QoY growth. Aims for
$2 billion revenue by FY27.
Targeting 100 basis point margin
improvement in FY2 and another 100 basis
point in FY27. So we are talking about 1% margin growth
in almost every financial year. If we
talk about the next two financial years, then the
revenue guidance has been strong, so the
company has done a lot of good things and
due to which it would have been 6% higher.  In fact, if it goes even higher, it is
not a big deal.  Even now
this stock trades at a PE of 54.   It is
not far from its all-time high now.
Its all-time high is around 678 and it is currently
trading at 56.68.  So it is quite far
from its all time high and there is no quality
wise deficiency in the company.  Meaning, it
seems to me to be a next level company with LTM entry and
first system.  Among the rest of the mid caps,
I think it is the best
in the current situation.  So this is a stock in which
you are going to see a lot of action today.  Let's move on to the
next stock.
ICICI LB is up 8%.  8% is giving a price of ₹2000.
The results came yesterday.   There
is action today after the results.  ICICI LB has a
buy rating from HSBC.  Buy
call has come for the target of ₹2250.
If we talk about numbers, they were definitely
good.  There was a dividend of ₹6.5.  Looking ahead, the
company has said that it aims for
consistent profit growth with over 20%
RoE and 22% increase in pet utilizing
digital insurance, AI risk management
and strong capital. 2.7x solvency
for future growth. Management targets are
RoE of 18 to 20% and aims to keep retail
healthy. Indemnity loss ratios at 65 to
17%. This update is coming from Call.
Also, Aims for Motor Business Loss Ratio
of 60 to 65 to 67% anticipates better
growth.  So here too a nice positive [ __ ] call
update and the stock price is up 8% for you.
Many people might be saying, brother, we can
see this too.  Tell me what to do?
Friends, we cannot do anything in these stocks
because I do not cover the insurance sector.
This update has been
completely proper.  Looks good in Persistent.  I have
also discussed this with all of you
from below many times.  There is no issue for the long term
in a quality company like Persistent.  Now the
market is a little disturbed and nervous regarding IT,
due to which things are not moving well.  But
why not Persistent, LTI MTR, C Co, Infie, HCL Tech, TCS or your Wipro or Tech Mahindra.  There is no such deficiency in these.  The
entire area is down
due to which this is also down.  But these are contra
plays.  I have made these videos many times.
Friends, let's move ahead
towards the next stock where you will see amazing action in today's session.
Thyro Technologies is where I
see the biggest action.  Those were amazing
numbers.  If you ask me, his were the most amazing.
This stock also opened
very high today.  Its opening today is around 10-12% at 1450
and it has made a high of 1474 and
currently it is trading at 1275.  Meaning that it has
come down by ₹200 from the top and the
candle that has formed has become a pure selling
candle form.  Meaning, the
stock is standing at the very bottom right now after opening higher and a
very red candle type formation has taken place at a very
big level and look at the volumes, where on an
average 1.5 lakh to 1 lakh shares are traded,
today 44 lakh shares were traded,
after all this good,
such a heavy correction in the stock from the top
can irritate the investors that friend, as it went up, it came
down today, today it has hit
its lifeline, in fact, now I would like to tell you that the
numbers of this company are good, this
company gave dividend.  It gave a bonus.   The
commentary here also looks strong.
Still what happened?  This meaning
is very interesting.  Now it is up by half a percent.   It could just
slip into the red at any point.
This is the condition of such stock.  So this was the
most interesting thing for me till date.
Now let's move on to what is currently
visible in action.  So
friends, the shares of SKF India and Tata Investment are also visible for all of you in action.
You must remember Tata Investment.  Yesterday it was
seen trading ex dividend and today this
stock is down 5% for you yesterday it was up 2 2.5%.
Now let's talk about SKF India.  Here
I would like to tell you that this stock which is showing 54% something has gone
down by half from
its yesterday's ratio, actually there has been
no demerger in it today.  Shares of
SKF India might be showing up to 52% in
some trading apps today. The Automobile
Solutions traded ex demerger today.  The
Indian arm of the Swedish
conglomerate has spun off its industrial
business from its automotive business.  So
now the industrial business and automotive business have been
separated and whoever is eligible might have taken
this share yesterday, they have a ratio of 1:1 for it.
That means whenever another share is listed,
you will get one share for each other.
So this was the update due to which
you are seeing this stock at half the price today.  There is nothing to be afraid of.
Just like yesterday there was the
scene of Tata Motors, today there is this.  I hope you
liked the details.  Thank you so much
for watching this video.  Have a great day
guys.